what is up ladies and gentlemen it is
I'd bad quality and I know my last video
I sounded pretty dim but hey today's a
new day and we're starting with top five
goals fifa street 4 week number one so
let's get started at number five we have
some random guy who really scares the
out of me that's a deadly going
good and let's watch that a replay cuz
that's what I always do beautiful all
right number 4 we got another great goal
obviously better number five across the
defender cross not another defender
how's that another defender and put
cinnamon
that's how we do it watch on replay
again watch the shaker food that's it
number three we got another person
well this one even scares me more puts
it over his head and strikes it in the
goalie doesn't even bother moving
ridiculous
do this again look at the goalie let's
even bother moving
let's go that's it all right runner-up
this one scares the out of me as
well because if this happened to me I
want to be able to do about it
pulls back a bit puts it over the
defender and tops in ridiculous
ridiculous
replay Oh Chuck yes kitchen
all right and the winner
cross the finger across the defender and
does my favorite r1 top the one in my 22
he did not know how to
did not know I repeat not how to do that
you should check my previous video and
all it's basically a way that you can
always score so yes and then click on
that link if you want to watch it and
send your top goals q implicitly at
hotmail dot see a piece